docs/asciidoc/query-dsl/compound/and/and-query-usage.asciidoc, before:

:ref_current: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/2.3

:github: https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-net

:nuget: https://www.nuget.org/packages

[[and-query-usage]]
== And Query Usage

=== Fluent DSL Example

[source,csharp]
----
q
.And(c => c
    .Name("named_query")
    .Boost(1.1)
    .Filters(
        qq => qq.MatchAll(m => m.Name("query1")),
        qq => qq.MatchAll(m => m.Name("query2"))
    )
)
----

=== Object Initializer Syntax Example

[source,csharp]
----
new AndQuery()
{
    Name = "named_query",
    Boost = 1.1,
    Filters = new QueryContainer[] {
        new MatchAllQuery() { Name = "query1" },
        new MatchAllQuery() { Name = "query2" },
    }
}
----

[source,javascript]
.Example json output
----
{
  "and": {
    "_name": "named_query",
    "boost": 1.1,
    "filters": [
      {
        "match_all": {
          "_name": "query1"
        }
      },
      {
        "match_all": {
          "_name": "query2"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
----

Commit message:

Mark ttl and timestamp as deprecated
Update documentation to indicate deprecation
See #1988

docs/asciidoc/query-dsl/compound/and/and-query-usage.asciidoc, after:

:ref_current: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/2.3

:github: https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-net

:nuget: https://www.nuget.org/packages

[[and-query-usage]]
== And Query Usage

A query that matches documents using the `AND` boolean operator on other queries.

WARNING: Deprecated in 2.0.0-beta1. Use the <<bool-queries, bool query>> instead.

See the Elasticsearch documentation on {ref_current}/query-dsl-and-query.html[and query] for more details.

=== Fluent DSL Example

[source,csharp]
----
q
.And(c => c
    .Name("named_query")
    .Boost(1.1)
    .Filters(
        qq => qq.MatchAll(m => m.Name("query1")),
        qq => qq.MatchAll(m => m.Name("query2"))
    )
)
----

=== Object Initializer Syntax Example

[source,csharp]
----
new AndQuery()
{
    Name = "named_query",
    Boost = 1.1,
    Filters = new QueryContainer[] {
        new MatchAllQuery() { Name = "query1" },
        new MatchAllQuery() { Name = "query2" },
    }
}
----

[source,javascript]
.Example json output
----
{
  "and": {
    "_name": "named_query",
    "boost": 1.1,
    "filters": [
      {
        "match_all": {
          "_name": "query1"
        }
      },
      {
        "match_all": {
          "_name": "query2"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
----
